>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What
we're gonna do for
the next little bit is I'm going to
show you kinda some specific things
that I want to communicate based on some
of the conversations that we've had.
And we're kind of at this point,
I feel like, the cake has been made and
we're just putting icing on it.
So, these are kinda some of the fun
things that I worked into the application
last night.
Incredibly useful, and we're probably not
going to do challenges with them, but
I'm just gonna show you,
it's in the application, go check it out.
And so these are kinda some of the common
things that I run into frequently when I'm
working with large-scale applications.
So remember, managing state,
flow control, and core volume.
So these are these are kind of the three
things that we're thinking about today.
So one of the challenges
that you run into,
is how do you communicate changes or
information across an application?
So to this end, I'm talking about event
communication.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: In that,
we want to communicate state over time,
as it happens.
So, where am I leading with this?
Well, duh duh duuuh!
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: RxJS.
So prior to, I would say angular to and
above and I look like Jacover ran this.
It was very common to use events
especially in 1.X to communicate
from one thing to another.
So if you've ever done
like scope.broadcast or
scope.on and capture some events.
Well, what you’re trying to do
is communicate state over time.
We can do this obviously with observables.
It’s very well suited because they can
iterate a pattern, they observer pattern.
It gives us the ability to do that.
And so, we’ve kind of seen in
the context of consuming something.
But we can also reverse that, and
I'll show you how to not only consume
state over time, but also to insert
yourself at the other end of the spectrum,
and start pushing things in.
So, we know how to consume like, data.
So, we have our initial output of data,
whatever that is,
we know how to consume it.
But what I want to show you is
how do we get onto this side and
control the initial output and actually
communicate something of our choosing.
And this is going to lead right into
when we get into the Firebase thing.
It'll be just a hop, skip, and a jump.
And we're gonna hook in
Firebase right into this,
so
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: What I want to do is,
let me just show you real quick.
So I'm gonna hop out of here,
and let's look in here.
So pay attention to
the bottom of the screen.
Hopefully this works.
I'm going to subscribe to
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: My
newsletter.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: So, I hit subscribe.
Lots of you get a little pop-up down here.
And so what we 're doing is we're saying,
we wanna
notify the user that
something has happened.
It's somewhere in the application.
We wanna do it kinda global way.
And so it's very common to have kinda
this global, kinda like, message bar or
some communication saying like
something happened to the app and
we're surfacing it in a way for
you to see it.
And so I think that you know Bootstrap has
kind of their notification bar thing or
like these warning bars or whatever.
You'll even see it's like toaster.
Things that hop up in the corner.
>> Lukas Ruebbelke: I've taken just
also a step further, if we go here,
I think it's in here.
Yeah, so item saved, save it again,
I can create a new item.
This is where you would wanna
give your user a little que
that something happened
in the application.
Now notice when it's popping up it has
to do specifically to that action.
So I'm not doing a new item and it's
saying like so and so just subscribed.
Cuz we're basically passing
notifications into the application and
we're handling it.
So Save and you see, item created.
Okay, so
this is at any point in the application,
how do we communicate that
an event has happened?
So the answer is,
in a nut shell we are using subjects,
so our shares has this
thing called the subject.
I'll talk about that in a minute.
Which allows you to not only consume
information via an observable.
So it has an observable in it.
But you can also broadcast.
Or essentially pass data along
the observable stream via a subject.
And then we use this as an event bus
to communicate state across
the application, incredibly efficient.